//NOTE: FOR MAXIMUM EXPERIENCE, PARTICPATION FROM CSO EXECS IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED

System.out.println(
Act 1, Scene 1:
(Setting: A busy street in Mumbai. Sampadaa Prakash, a young and talented software engineer, is walking with her friends Victor Chotepong Tangton, Saksham Shori, Krish Patel, and Ananya Atluri.)

Sampadaa: (Excitedly) Guys, did you hear? Salman Khan is in town shooting for his latest movie!

Victor: (Intrigued) Really? I'm a big fan of his action movies.

Saksham: (Nods) Me too! I love his dance moves.

Krish: (Chuckles) Well, I'm more into his philanthropic work. But he's a superstar for sure.

Ananya: (Smiles) I've heard he's quite handsome in person.

Sampadaa: (Blushing) Yes, and I have a secret to share. I'm crazy about Salman Khan's feet.

Victor, Saksham, Krish, Ananya: (Chorus) What?!

Sampadaa: (Sheepishly) I know it sounds strange, but I find his feet so attractive. Those tiny shorts he wears during his dance sequences, and the way he rocks a lungi, it's just so romantic.

Victor: (Laughs) Sampadaa, you're one of a kind!

Saksham: (Teasingly) So, are you going to stalk him and get a glimpse of his feet?

Sampadaa: (Blushing) No, of course not! I'm a respectable woman. But if I ever meet him, I won't be able to resist sneaking a peek at his feet.

Krish: (Grinning) Well, we'll support you in your quest for Salman Khan's feet, Sampadaa. You have our full encouragement.

Ananya: (Nods) Absolutely! We'll be your wingmen.

Sampadaa: (Smiles) Thanks, guys. Your support means a lot to me.

Act 1, Scene 2:
(Setting: A charity event in Mumbai. Sampadaa and her friends are attending, hoping to catch a glimpse of Salman Khan.)

Sampadaa: (Excitedly) Look, guys! There he is, Salman Khan!

Victor: (Whistles) He's looking dashing as always.

Saksham: (Nods) And those dance moves are mesmerizing.

Krish: (Admiringly) He's a true superstar.

Ananya: (Smiles) I can see why you're infatuated with him, Sampadaa.

Sampadaa: (Blushing) Yes, he's amazing.

(As Sampadaa is watching Salman Khan, he happens to notice her and walks towards her.)

Salman Khan: (Smiling) Hello, everyone! Thank you for supporting our cause.

Sampadaa: (In awe) Hi, Salman ji! It's an honor to meet you in person.

Salman Khan: (Chuckles) Pleasure is all mine. What's your name?

Sampadaa: (Nervously) I'm Sampadaa.

Salman Khan: (Grinning) Well, Sampadaa, I couldn't help but notice your admiration for my feet.

Sampadaa: (Blushing) Oh, um, well...

Salman Khan: (Winking) Don't worry, I find it cute. And I must say, your enthusiasm has won me over.

Sampadaa: (Surprised) Really?

Salman Khan: (Nods) Yes. So, would you like to join me
)
